>> Jen Kramer: That was a lot of stuff.
There was a huge amount of
information to absorb today.
So if you just managed to code
the nav bars, you got those working.
Maybe you just managed to kind of
get the text next to the images.
You're doing just fine.
This was a whole lot of material
to absorb in three hours.
Like I said I threw about five or
six weeks worth of material at you in
a normal class and then gave you this
assignment that had everything that
you just known for all of two hours.
Here put all to work on a web page.
So you are doing just fine,
no matter where you are in
the process of putting this together.
This is your first real world project.
This is a very standard thing.
You have a graphic designer that will
lay out a page that will look like this.
And then you're gonna have
to be able to look at it and
decide what technologies do I use where
to repeat what the designer has done.
I wasn't super picky about the spacing and
so forth here.
Trust me in real life, your graphic
designer is gonna be so picky.
[LAUGH] That is two pixels too small,
that is two pixels too far to the left.
So as you get better at this,
you'll get really good at putting
things exactly where you wanna go.
For this assignment I'm really not too
concerned if you didn't get exactly
the right shades of colors.
I'm not concerned if you didn't get
exactly the right spacing or padding or
margin or anything else.
If you got it mostly looking like this
you've done absolutely fabulous work,
considering you've been coding now for
three whole days.
That's pretty good for
three whole days of coding.
Right?
Any other questions for today?
>> Speaker 2: How do you
choose between flexbox and
the other
>> Jen Kramer: And the inline block?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
>> Jen Kramer: Great question, so
how do we choose between flexbox and
inline block.
I think what we're gonna find
increasingly is that we're
gonna be using flexbox more and
more for these things.
Inline block is still a technique that's
out there and definitely is still in use.
So reasonable thing for
you to know aboout.
So, they basically do the same thing?
In the terms of the nav bar,
they basically do the same thing.
You're probably not gonna use Inline block
for laying out a whole web page whereas
you definitely would use flexbox for
laying out a whole web page.